Hide overload from intellisense (#30719)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/extensions/Microsoft.Extensions.Azure/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.5.0 (2022-08-24)

### Bugs Fixed

> - Hiding the new `AddAzureClientsCore` from Intellisense as it's usage is not intuitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hiding the new `AddAzureClientsCore` overload from IntelliSense, as its usage is not intuitive.
```
